Hey, so today I'm going to do something no one has ever done before, showing a dead YouTube channel that we revived with my students. So now it's doing six figures per month. Last month, you can see September, it did 113k and you can see it's also US dollar. Right. So I'm going to put it one more time, US dollar. I can switch it into euros. So you can see how much it's in euros. And let me change it to US dollars. So very quick video today, but packed with insane values. So So if you keep watching, you'll get crazy amount of souls. You will never see something even similar from all those fake gurus online who are talking about faceless YouTube automation. So my student Ahmad, he is not the smartest YouTuber or entrepreneur, but that didn't stop us from establishing a channel like this, that now it's a leader in this space and in this niche especially. So being from third world country, having nine to five without understanding English fluently, he simply followed everything my partner and I taught him and executed the blueprint, which I'm going to show you in this video. and yeah so you can see that's the channel one more time i can see all the videos all this right one month ago and you can see this is like the most popular video right three weeks ago if i click on it you'll see 11 labs of course because that's what we're also we're gonna talk about so you can see this is the simple 1943 27,000 feet above calm France the oxygen mark pretty simple AI voice over right so you can see it's like one image second third fourth fifth sixth seven, eight, nine. So nine images during almost one hour video with simple AI voiceover, and it did 14K less than one month, right? So let's just straight away deep delve into the setup, right? into the setup, right? So he had pretty dying channel and we very rarely use brand new channels that the channel that was already making some money is the best for YouTube Trust Core, like one of the best I can say, right? So most people also they fail because they start to often launch new channels, trying out new niches. They get attracted with shiny object syndrome very easily. But the majority of people, they already have old channels, dead channels with insane potential, that can be scaled, that can blow up like this one. So I showed you like this setup, very simple videos, like small amount of images because it doesn't really matter. Like we're going to dip into the audience part in a bit, but you already can see, right, that people already consume this kind of content with a few images. Trustcore of the channel, yeah, as I mentioned, it's pretty good. It was already an established channel, right? like an old age channel with some videos with already revenue. So the channels, as I mentioned, they already made some money. They are very good for YouTube Trustcore. The scripts are with AI, right? So it's Claude, about voiceover, it's 11 labs. And for images, it's a diagram and Leonardo, exactly lucid realism model with dynamic style. So, and of course, real images, because they're mixed like AI images and real images in the videos. But it's just a setup, right? It's just a full breakdown of everything what's being used on the channel. And now my student is creating the videos with my AI tool which is gonna simplify and it possible to launch like a limitless amount of channels with it So and about thumbnails so you can see it very important to check They are as close to real as possible, right? So we're going to discuss why it's needed later in this video, right? So the most important, what was reestablished is the niche. So the channel, it was aged, as I mentioned, but with the niche, you don't need to completely reinvent the wheel, right? You can end up in the position that you create videos for audience that is pretty small or doesn't exist, right? So you need to understand the demand for it and also control the demand by operating with some data. And data you can get on the channels that are already established in this niche. So you can see it's one of the biggest channels in this niche in World War II. It was pretty old channel and people love it, right? So if you go to here and you can see audience, so people that are watching this channel and massively, right, because it's big, all these people, like the majority of people on this channel, they already understand these topics, right? They're already so, they're old, right? They're old, if we can scroll down, you can see it's 65 years old. So they are old, they're already so like, limitless amount of videos about World War II, right, especially if they are passionate about it. So they understand it, right. So there should not be any misinformation, any specific things that are not true. There should be another angle for it, right, something that they didn't really see before, right? And also, at the same time, it should be as much close to the current situation with World War II as possible. And I mean exactly this channel. So if you check the voice, right, like latest videos, you will hear that. I hope YouTube won't terminate me for that. The videos, they are pretty straightforward. ...pivot lives of such happily married family men. Yes, but the voice is also very simple. So we just need to understand this overlap where we take the proven format and we suggest we propose something new, right? So you need to use cross transfer. look at what's already blowing up in other niches, right? Take already working formats, working styles, and bring it into your own niche, right? The niche you want to tap into or you're already doing something, but add like unique twist, right? So, and that unique twist is exactly these topics about prisoners of war, right? So you can see on the channel, they are one of the most popular like kind of these close communities right something that people really would love to dip into right would love to hear something about it like they they never really saw like many videos how they were living right like some coca-cola you can see ice cream uh some german pilots right some but the majority of videos they are prisoners of war and this style is working because uh because of different uh ideas in a different uh segments i'm going to show you so you can see it's like one of the channels that is discussing things about some small communities right so in this case with world war ii it's prisoners of war also a community right about their daily life about their like routines about how they were having meals or something, right? This channel is about Amish people, right? So, and the next thing is that outliers get saturated very fast. So you always, you don't need to copy, right? Like this video I'm showing to you is not a gesture. You just go and copy this channel, right? You're not going to make it. You're not going to make a lot of money, right? It's just that end. you always need to bring something new to the niche You always need to work on ideas that are altered in a different way right So you can see this is also like a copycat but a little bit different. So you can see like showers, hygiene, right? Movies, how prisoners of war were stunned by families letting them join Sunday dinners, right? Some barbers in camps, right? People find it interesting, right, about their daily routine. And also this channel. So you can see it started, right, with like three months ago with different videos, nothing really did stick. And then, yeah, the channel switched to prisons of war, and their outliers exactly women, right? Not men, like on this channel, right? But women, which is a little bit different, a little bit more interesting, right, from a different perspective. So it's new. You bring something from the format which is working, but you add creativity, right? It's a bit important. So you can see also one of the future ideas, right, you can make is that you see the channels that also, like, they are not faceless. They have a face. day like like episode like it's a tv show i don't know and you can convert it to this style right with rancho with some like horses some uh there's like farming stuff and it's gonna work right it's really good topic and yeah so i'm gonna end this video pretty soon just one more thing about key things for this explosive growth, right? When you see like old people as an audience, right, which one of the best audiences on YouTube, especially like young men I'm talking about them, you don't need to deliver short videos because short videos is a different market, right? So people really fight for AVD, for CTR, because when people enter YouTube, like beginners, let's say, they mainly do short videos because they cannot really motivate themselves to create longer videos. They don't know how to create long videos, right? They don't have prompts, for example, as we do, really good prompts that allow people to stay longer on the video and cover multiple things in that video. So when you have that option, you don't need to create short videos, right? Like this video I showed you, it has RPM of $11.5, right? It's not a short video. So this is very important. The second thing is ideation, right? As I mentioned before, yeah, you take outliers, you take some ideas, you mix them, but you need to deliver what audience actually expects, right? Not something like you don't need to re-innovate all the time when you have outliers. So you need to double down, you need to use them, you need to collect data and deliver something similar to what you already did, what made your channel popular, but you change a bit, right? So you can see on the channel there are videos about prisoners of war and at the same time, the most popular videos, they're about like pilots, planes, some like literally simple dry war stuff, right? But it worked, right? It worked well. And also it's about pushing as many videos as possible on the channel. So we're gonna cover that later. And the second thing is that broad audience, right? So it's not something that has really limited total addressable market. It's a big audience, right? And even though they are big, they should be loyal, right? Because anyways, if you're going to expand, if you're going to pump out a lot of videos and the videos are bad, even broad audience, it can go away, right? Like they can stop watching your channel because they don't really like your channel. And here is something I want to show you, which you rarely see on the automation channels, is that there are super thanks. So you can see there are a lot of people who send actually money, right? And because they enjoy the content pretty much. So the next thing is gathering feedback and understanding who your loyal audience is right Like what they ask for Because as I mentioned, even if the audience is broad, the market is not endless. So if you lie in your videos, right? However, people already understand World War II topics. If you lie, if you say something which is not really relevant, it's going to stop your channel from growth, basically. And, yeah, so understanding what your audience wants, you can do that with parsing comments, right, under your videos, your own videos. You can extract them and you can analyze them with AI. So here's an extension for it, you can check. It's called Comment Exporter. Yeah, the next thing is that you don't need to focus on new channels until you actually milk your outliers. You don't let competitors to milk outliers and then you can like start new channels, start outsourcing, right? But momentum is gold, right? It doesn't last forever, as I mentioned. So once you have it, double down, triple, quadruple, right? You're going to have that enjoy from money, right? From the channel later, right? You can plan your vacation to Dubai later. But right now you have momentum. You need to, like, squeeze it to every penny, right? You don't need comparators because you need to push harder and your channel will outlast and outrun all the comparators. So stuff like that. And also, yeah, as I mentioned, consistency to keep momentum. And when something works, just apply 80-20 rule. Like 80% you need to double down on what's already working on your outliers. but still they will be burned out right like also competitors they will see your outliers and they also start using them right start making videos about these topics so 20% you need to dedicate to new videos to looking something like a new format like here I showed you with planes with some weapons, right? So not only prisoners of war. And yeah, it's not about creating the same videos. So it's 80-20% rule. And the last thing, right, I want to cover in this video that data gathering plus viewer psychology is everything you need, right? So first of all, study your video performance only by views, right? no, no, just don't rely on CTR on AVD because it they don't really matter as much as views because you can stack chasing them only. And as I mentioned, also AVD and CTR, it matters so much in smaller videos in very competitive markets where people can fight for every half, half a second of AVD and use is only the most important metric. So you need to focus on, right? So if you see, like this video, it doesn't have like greatest CTR, right? By far, it's pretty weak, right? And if you go to AVD, also you check it's not greatest AVD, right? It's pretty decent, I would say it's even close to bad AVD than good AVD. But it doesn't matter. As long as you understand how to hack YouTube and to hack your psychology, what they need, you can make it. And it's not even about the hooks, as all the gurus say. If you understand that the niche is built on people that like things to go to the point as quick as possible, it's good, right? So also you can do that by analyzing your audience. And yeah, the moment you start taking YouTube seriously, everything changes. And for the next 48 hours, I'm replying to every DM on Twitter I get. So feel free to DM me if you have any questions about this channel, about the business overall. And yeah, if you want to work with me and my team, drop me a message as well so I can send you the waitlist because now we don't have spots open, but people on the waitlist will be reviewed first. I hope this video was valuable. See you in the next one.